
--I DONT GIVE A FUCK LICENCE v1.0--

Any digital property and its associated projects licenced under the "I Dont Give A Fuck Licence" is subject to all terms listed in this document. You are required to acknowledge this licence as a contract when working with or around any code associated with the licence. By seeing this, or any of its associated material, you have accepted the terms and conditions of the "I Dont Give A Fuck Licence". The legal owner of the licenced material is not liable for any damage caused or inferred by the licenced material.

SECTION 1 - DEFINITIONS.

  a. WHATEVER means that you have been told that you can used the licenced material however you intend. This means you also acknowledge the phrase "I don't give a fuck." and you understand that the owner of said licenced material does not care how the material is used. DONT CARE has a corresponding meaning
  b. LICENSEE means the individual or entity exercising the Licensed Rights under this License. YOU has a corresponding meaning.
  c. LICENSOR means t he individual(s) or entity(ies) granting rights under this license. OWNER has a corresponding meaning.
  d. LICENCED MATERIAL means the artistic, literary, or other material to which the LICENSOR has applied this License. PROJECT has a corresponding meaning.
  e. LICENCE means the "I Dont Give A Fuck Licence" itself, or the terms inside it.

SECTION 2 - Licence Condition

  a. USAGE
    1. You are permitted to use all of the licenced material associated with this licence
        i. the licenced material cannot be "forked" or reproduced with another licence.
        ii. all material covered by the licence can be copied. 
  b. TERMS
    1. You are not permitted to sell anything covered by the IDGAF license.
        i. if you would like to sell something from the licenced material, contact the licensor
    2. You are not permitted to modify, or change the IDGAF license.
        i. you cannot change terms in the IDGAF license unless you are the licensor
        ii. section 1 and the usage may not be modified under any circumstances
    3. It is requested by the Licensor that you acknowledge they Don't Give A Fuck on what you do with the licensed material, unless it is breaching one of the terms.
